Please take a seat
Thank you for coming today
Attend our Lin Consortium Senate Meeting
I'm calling you here today
There is one more important announcement to make
From now on
My husband, Mr. Song Changqing
Will replace me
The head of the temporary consortium has taken over
And in charge of all temporary property
Put us in such an important position
Hand over to a civil order
Is this a joke?
Evergreen, what's going on?
This
What is this woman trying to do?
Obviously don't trust me
But gave me the position of leader
Lift you high first
I'll let you feel it in a while
The taste of falling from heaven to hell
Husband
Go ahead.
Let's give it a hand.
Welcome to our new leader
We disagree
Interim new head of the team